and there it is wrestling fans will know
that one joining me live in studio WWE
Hall of Famer the road warrior animal
how you doing today good man it's always
a pleasure to be back up here in Canada
Ottawa area would Rockville yeah you've
never been a brockville oh yeah I've
been through here before i'm in the
smith falls rockville no unfortunately
i've had to beat the path to the
highways oh yeah that's how it goes in
you when you work in the business right
yo hey its beauty part about here or not
it was great when i land at the airport
how does that oh my lord met a taxi
strike are you kidding me yeah a little
angry out-there it look like a curry
festival out there Oh believable all
right well you are in town too special
guest referee a match night between
Hannibal and the 6 foot 9 giant Darko
how do you feel about that you know in
my years of travels all over the country
and all over this world how could I have
been in the ring with a lot of giants
including Andre the Giant you know so to
me it's going to be another couple of
twin towers in a ring and just go in
there and do what I gotta do you know I
haven't quite decided what I'm going to
do yet but we'll see what happens yeah I
don't think even the size of that it's
going to matter with you well you know
hey it's all to me it's all about at
this point in my career it's all about
giving back to the fans and Canada has
had some of the greatest fans you know I
was made Hawk and I were made Mad
Hatter's they have in Calgary at one
time the advantage doesn't the paint but
they with the Stephan's on oh yeah that
look good so yeah I mean Canada's got a
special heart you know being great
friends with Bret the Hitman Hart and
and the Hart Foundation and the Hart
family so uh you know I look forward to
seeing some of the great fans you know I
got my shoulder pads and spikes with me
you better have them I got it and that's
strictly for the fans to wear for photos
tonight oh cool come out man you never
know when those spike pads are gonna be
back in Canada especially out here in
this area yeah now we were we're
contemplating what you'd be driving we
thought it'd be a car with spikes on it
do you have a car with spiked well
Ashley I'm sitting be in the cheap so
yeah that's how I it's okay though it's
a great ride we had a great trip up here
you know but I used to have a ford road
warrior truck they made a warrior truck
oh yeah but Big mutters on it would roll
bars and fog lights you know and i'll go
lady chatwyn oh absolutely amazing well
we're looking forward to seeing you
tonight the fans they're looking forward
to see you i've talked to a bunch of
people in the I mean having a WWE Hall
of Famer here in town is is amazing yeah
I mean there's a lot of great guys cuz i
hear honky-tonk bands here tonight yeah
he was in here earlier we got a great
guy man honky tonks the legend himself
you know he should be the hall of fame
as well I've heard that he hasn't
accepted it yet i've heard it's been
kind of offered to him a couple times
well you know i think it's one of those
things hockey's from that you're
arresting you for me he's about ten
years ahead of me so a lot of those guys
are you know when you we could treat in
a certain way in this business you kind
of put your foot down and you say no
sometimes yeah so well hopefully you'll
get in there as well and hey hey babe
whatever right now I'm just happy to be
in in the province of Ottawa and
Rockville and to be able to see the fans
out here to be a bob at fam you know
it's great Oh perfect all right well we
look forward to you tonight and
hopefully yeah whooping you see some
action in this match I know you're
supposed to wrath yeah hey man I'm ages
referee you know I don't get to ring
much anymore all the way could wrestle
AI stay in shape to do it but you know
what talk passed away I kind of you know
I give I give up too tight you know it
in the air now but hey one thing I
guarantee tie it's going to be for the
fans it's gonna be oh what a rush
you